README.md, before:

#Matching
A simple matching game written as a demo for my daughter's class at school.

[Check it out](http://benkiefer.github.com/matching)

##Supported Browsers
 - Chrome
 - Firefox

##Todo
 - Fix IE10 (last remaining issue appears to be the [backface-visibility](http://jsfiddle.net/reybango/ax2Mc/))
 - Victory dance of some form.
 - Different Difficulties?
 - Two-player scoring?

##Usage
If you are interested in making your own version of the matching game, here are some tips:
 - Clone this repository.
 - Create your own sprite sheet using the sources in the 'Thanks' section and replace "images/catsheet.png" with your new sprites.
 - Use Sprite Cow to generate your own "css/sprites.css" file.
 - Update the 'js/matching.js' imageMap variable with the names of the classes you want to use.
 
##Thanks
 - [whelmingbytes](https://github.com/whelmingbytes) for testing.
 - The Github Octocat is property of Github, and the usage of the various Octocat images in this game are intended solely for the entertainment of four-year-olds. I'm happy to change the images used upon request.
 - Thanks to David Walsh for a nice tutorial on [flipping with CSS](http://davidwalsh.name/css-flip).
 - [Sprite Cow](http://www.spritecow.com/) saved me a lot of time trying to figure out the coordinates for all of the images on my sprite sheet.
 - [Pixlr](http://pixlr.com/) was used to make my sprite sheet and resolve some transparency issues with the source image.

Commit message:

Ben: updating readme and license

README.md, after:

#Matching
A simple matching game written as a demo for my daughter's class at school.

[Check it out](http://benkiefer.github.com/matching)

##Supported Browsers
 - Chrome
 - Firefox

##Todo
 - Fix IE10 (last remaining issue appears to be the [backface-visibility](http://jsfiddle.net/reybango/ax2Mc/))
 - Victory dance of some form.
 - Different Difficulties?
 - Two-player scoring?

##Usage
If you are interested in making your own version of the matching game, here are some tips:
 - Clone this repository.
 - Create your own sprite sheet using the sources in the 'Thanks' section and replace "images/catsheet.png" with your new sprites.
 - Use Sprite Cow to generate your own "css/sprites.css" file.
 - Update the 'js/matching.js' imageMap variable with the names of the classes you want to use.
 
##Thanks
 - The [Github Octocat](http://octodex.github.com/) is property of Github, and the usage of the various Octocat images in this game are intended solely for the entertainment of four-year-olds. I'm happy to change the images used upon request.
 - [whelmingbytes](https://github.com/whelmingbytes) for testing.
 - Thanks to David Walsh for a nice tutorial on [flipping with CSS](http://davidwalsh.name/css-flip).
 - [Sprite Cow](http://www.spritecow.com/) saved me a lot of time trying to figure out the coordinates for all of the images on my sprite sheet.
 - [Pixlr](http://pixlr.com/) was used to make my sprite sheet and resolve some transparency issues with the source image.
 
##License
For license information, see the License.txt file. License does not extend to image files, which are property of Github, as described above.
